Python math.radians() (#5047)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/math-module/terms/math-radians/math-radians.md

---
Title: 'math.radians()'
Description: 'Returns the radian equivalent of an input angle given in degress.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Geometry'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'

> ---

Author: fixed

> The **math.radians()** function takes in an angle measured in degrees and returns its radian equivalent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`math.radians()`** function takes an angle measured in degrees and returns its radian equivalent.
```

Reviewer: the term should be represented in backticks (` `)

Author: fixed

## Syntax

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

Reviewer: The syntax is to be written using the ```pseudo block

math.radians(x)
```

> `math.radians()` takes in a numeric value or expression `x`, which represents an angle measured in degrees, and returns a floating point value representing the radian equivalent to `x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `math.radians()` takes a numeric value or expression `x`, representing an angle measured in degrees, and returns a floating-point value representing the radian equivalent of `x`.
```

Author: resolved in f5798cc

> !["45 degree rotations expressed in radian measure" by Adrignola is marked with CC0 1.0. To view the terms, visit https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en?ref=openverse.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/radian-measure-45-degree-rotations-256.png)

Reviewer: Can you please move this image file on this branch of the PR?

Author: resolved in f5798cc

Author: resolved in 34010f4

_Some common degree-radian equivalencies._

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 1
```

> Use `math.radians()` to return the radian equivalent to 180 degrees:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `math.radians()` returns the radian equivalent of *180* degrees:
```

```py
import math

print(math.radians(180))
```

The above code gives the following output:

```shell
3.141592653589793
```

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 2
```

> Use `math.degrees()` to return the radian equivalent to 57.29577951308232 degrees:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `math.radians()` returns the radian equivalent of *57.29577951308232* degrees:
```

```py
import math

print(math.degrees(57.29577951308232))
```

The above code gives the following output:

```shell

> 1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3282.806350011744
```

Reviewer: Please recheck this output?

Author: - correct output for the wrong function. 
- resolved in f5798cc
